c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.pdb
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.pdb
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.dll
c:\users\slayer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\NUvention\Visual-Studio\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.CognitoIdentity.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.pdb
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.dll
H:\Indi-Projects\VR\NUvention\TeamH-Repo\branches\submission\VisualStudioProjects\ShareVR\ShareVR\obj\Debug\ShareVR.pdb
